“Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It’s not something you learn in school. But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything.” — Muhammad Ali
“Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.” — Thomas J. Watson
“The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.” — Elisabeth Foley
“Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.” — Anais Nin
“Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.” — Tennessee Williams
“They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.” — Carl W. Buechner
“Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.” — Amy Poehler
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.” — Audrey Hepburn
“The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart.” — Helen Keller
“Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” — Dumbledore
“There’s not a word yet for old friends who’ve just met.” — Jim Henson
“A single rose can be my garden…a single friend, my world.” — Leo Buscaglia
“Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.” — Woodrow T. Wilson
“Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.” — Ed Cunningham
“A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails.” — Donna Roberts
“It’s the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.” — Marlene Dietrich
“Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.” — G. Randolf
“A good friend is like a four-leaf clover; hard to find and lucky to have.” — Irish Proverb
“I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.” — Helen Keller
“True friends are never apart, maybe in distance but never in heart.” — Helen Keller
“No friendship is an accident.” — O. Henry
“Sometimes being with your best friend is all the therapy you need.” — Unknown
“Friends are the siblings God never gave us.” — Mencius
“True friends are like diamonds — bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style.” — Nicole Richie
“There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.” — Thomas Aquinas
“Friends are the family you choose.“ — Jess C. Scott
“Anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you.” — Misty Copeland
“A sweet friendship refreshes the soul.” — Proverbs 27:9
“Life was meant for good friends and great adventures.” — Unknown
“True friends are always together in spirit.” — L.M. Montgomery